[Music]
sixteen superpowers you didn't know you
had superpowers
isn't it something that only superheroes
are supposed to have typically it is but
a human being is one of the greatest
wonders our bodies are being constantly
analyzed and studied and scientists keep
making incredible findings almost every
day did you know that Monday is the most
dangerous day for your body how much
information can you remember during your
life
we collected 16 interesting facts about
the human body only a few people know
about remember to hit the like button
number 16 the brains memory storage
capacity equals 1 petabyte or 1000
terabytes
the human brain is a perfect mechanism
as we all know but you can't even
imagine to what extent Texas University
scientists discovered that one synapse
the space between your onal cells has
the storage capacity of 4.7 bits
knowing the whole number of synapses it
turns out that the brains memory storage
equals 1 petabyte
and it is 10 times more than previously
thought if this volume of memory is
present as a graphical file it's printed
version would be seven point nine inches
wide and about 250 3 billion feet long
and it is 1924 lengths of the earth's
equator
number 15 no exercise guarantees ABS yes
it's disappointing as that is there are
numerous cases of people performing
exercises for stomach muscles but they
do not get the desired abs what kind of
mystery is this in fact the visibility
of the ABS muscles also depends on body
fat percentage the numbers are different
for men and women the definition is
visible with 3 to 6 percent of fat for
men and 8 to 12 percent for women
number fourteen human bones are several
times harder than concrete do you know
what the strongest bone in your body is
it is the femur it goes from the hip to
the knee and can withstand up to 1,800
2500 pounds of force our bones are made
up of composite material they are hard
and elastic at the same time bones
consist of calcium hydroxyapatite about
60% and collagen so their structure is
fracture resistible
sounds cool why so many broken bones
then number 13 you need to put out seven
thousand seven hundred calories to burn
2.2 pounds when we are actively slimming
excess fat cells into carbon dioxide
into water which is accompanied by the
release of energy to get rid of 2.2
pounds of fat you need to burn through
seven thousand seven hundred calories
that's equivalent to ten hours of
continuous running sixteen hours of
swimming or a 24-hour Dance Marathon
number twelve the total area of your
lungs equals to the total area of a
tennis court the structure of this
double body part contains air cells they
are bubble formations that take part in
the gaseous exchange if the total area
of all lung air cells were summed up you
would get the area of a tennis court and
all this fits inside our body marvelous
[Music]
number eleven hiccups can last for years
oh this one is quite shocking can you
imagine how it feels to hiccup for years
well the American Charles Osborne
actually can he has been included in the
Guinness Book of World Records for
continuously hiccupping for 68 years
from 1922 to 1990 his hiccupping just
stopped one day for no reason paying no
attention to this troublesome situation
Charles lived a full life had a family
and died at the age of 96 by the way
according to the statistic men are more
subjected to this trouble than women how
do you like this news have you ever had
a fit of hiccups you couldn't get rid of
do you know any ways to stop this
irritating process share them in the
comments and remember to give us a
thumbs up
number ten people have more than five
senses taste sight smell touch and
hearing are by far not the only senses
we have scientists count from nine to
twenty senses by various estimates oh my
what a surprise
these are the sense of time though some
people seem to be born with the lack of
it thermo ception the sense of warmth
equilibrio ception the sense of balance
without which we wouldn't even be able
to stand straight and proprioception
understanding the position of one's own
parts of the body that's why we are
never mistaken when touching our nose
well unless something has gone wrong
we just know where it is even if we see
nothing there is also no susceptance our
ability to feel pain the receptors can
be found in our skin and bones and
joints and in body organs hunger has the
right to be included in our system of
senses after all and helps us to
understand when it's time to eat number
nine the eye cornea is the only part
that has no blood vessels due to having
no blood vessels the cornea remains
transparent this is good because their
presence would be a barrier to eyesight
this tissue is nourished thanks to the
diffusion of elements from the
surrounding body structures number eight
most kids are born with blue eyes most
babies have blue eyes when they are born
but if you have always been dreaming of
a blue-eyed child don't get your hopes
up the color tends to change over time
it is explained by melanin which is
responsible for the eye colour the more
melanin the cornea has the darker the
eyes are fair-skinned babies have too
small and amount of this coloring but
the color changes during its production
so in the end your child might enough
with beautiful chocolate colored eyes
number seven the embryo can heal the
mother
it has been noticed that 50% of women
who have cardiomyopathy got well during
their pregnancy without any healing the
explanation is in the stem cells of the
baby which are capable of restoring the
injured tissues of a woman so the baby
starts to care about their moms already
in the womb ah
number six women blink twice as often as
men
an average person blinks once in every
four seconds but it can even be more
often when they are tired worried or
surprised however it is believed that
women blink twice as much as men do it
is considered that the difference is in
the hormonal system women have a higher
level of estrogen above all this hormone
stimulates the production of natural
lubricants moisturizing all the mucous
membranes including the eye number five
the eyes closed while sneezing so as not
to let bacteria it is a well-known fact
that it is impossible to sneeze with
your eyes open many people think that
they cannot open their eyes while
sneezing because they will be blown out
of the skull the truth says otherwise
it turns out that it is difficult to
sneeze with your eyes wide open but it
is still possible your eyes will stay in
place nevertheless a sneezing person
subconsciously closes their eyes to
protect them from a possible bacterial
invasion number four you are about 0.4
inches taller in the morning than in the
evening during the day while we are in a
vertical position our invertebrate 'old
discs become thinner and harder because
of the weight pressure when we sleep the
discs return to their regular size and
state that is why you are a bit taller
at the beginning of the day so if you
are going to play basketball do it in
the morning
number three human ears are capable of
hearing molecules unbelievable well if
you want to make sure the fact just
close your eyes and ask somebody to pour
some cold water into one glass and some
hot water into another you certainly
heard the difference between the sounds
didn't you in both cases ordinary water
is used
the difference is in the speed of the
molecules number two the chance of
having a heart attack is higher on
Monday than on any other weekday it may
sound bizarre but Swedish scientific
research shows that the risk of heart
attack is higher on mondays and during
the Christmas or New Year holidays the
lowest rates are on Saturdays and in the
middle of summer July number one eyes
can have more than one pupil the issue
is called poly Coria if someone has two
or more pupils it is more often a fake
effect only one hole in the cornea does
the job of a people all additional holes
do not play any role for eyesight
there was a case with a woman from
Massachusetts who had five pupils all in
one eye anyway that didn't bother her
cause any problems with vision she just
felt slight discomfort when she stayed
outside on a bright sunny day Polly
Coria is a very rare notion and some
scientists even state the existence of
several pupils is not true
so which fact did you find the most
shocking write down your opinion in the
comments field below the video share
this video with your friends and
subscribe to our channel to join us on
the bright side don't forget to hit the
like button it motivates us to create
more videos for you
[Music]